# -- By The Book The Bible - Terms of Service / Use --

## Terms of Use (the short, but not legal, version):

This subscription is for everyone in your household on any device your family uses for as long as your license is
in good standing.

You may print the material for your family’s use.

Please encourage your friends to subscribe - but do not share your credentials.

You are not allowed to copy, distribute or resell any of the contents.

Things should work, but if they don’t - we’re sorry and you can’t sue us.

You may cancel your subscription any time - but sorry no refunds.

If you share comments, videos, or photos with us we can use them unless you ask us not to.

If you want to use this for a larger group (church, VBS, etc) or if you have any other questions, please contact
[rose@bythebookthebible.com](mailto:rose@bythebookthebible.com)

## Terms of Use (the legal version):

### Please read this it is what you are agreeing to.

Welcome to memorize.bythebookthebible.com (the “Site”, referred to as “we,” “us” or “our” ). Use of and access to
the services provided by ByTheBookTheBible (the “Company”), as well as the Site, is subject to your compliance
with these Terms of Use. Please read these Terms of Use carefully before using our Site and services (collectively
referred to as the “Services”).

ByTheBookTheBible reserves the right to limit or terminate your access to our Services if we determine in our
sole discretion that you have failed to comply with these Terms of Use. Please also read our Privacy Policy before
accessing our Services, which can be located here.

### 1. ACCEPTANCE OF TERMS

You accept these terms and our Privacy Policy by accessing or using the Site or our Services in any manner, even
if you do not create an account with ByTheBookTheBible. These Terms may be updated from time to time. We will
notify you of any significant updates to these Terms at our sole discretion. Your continued use of our Services
signifies your acceptance of any changes. These Terms will always be available on this page for you to read. If
you do not agree with these Terms, you are not permitted to register an account, sign in, make purchases, or
otherwise access or use the Site or our Services in any manner. By accessing and using the Site in any way, you
are representing that you are at least 18 years of age or visiting the Site under the supervision of a parent or
guardian.

### 2. AGE RESTRICTION

You must be at least 18 years old in order to sign up to this Site. ByTheBookTheBible prohibits registration by
any individual under the age of 18 years old. If you are a parent or guardian and believe that a child under the
age of 13 has used, accessed, or provided personally identifiable information to the Site, please let us know.

### 3. USE OF SITE

Subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, you are permitted to access and use this Site by
displaying it on your Internet browser for use within your household. You may not use this Site for any commercial
use or on behalf of any third party, and you agree not to copy, modify, display, publish, distribute, broadcast,
or distribute any portion of the Site without express written consent from ByTheBookTheBible. 

You are permitted to print out the PDF material (for example, the Teachers Guide and Coloring Pages) for your
households use.

While we do our best to make your experience with the Site and our Services a pleasurable one, we cannot always
foresee or anticipate difficulties, technical or otherwise. These difficulties may result in loss of data,
personalization settings, or other service interruptions. For this reason, you agree that ByTheBookTheBible
Services are provided “AS IS.” ByTheBookTheBible and any third-party service providers cannot assume
responsibility for the timeliness, deletion, mis-delivery, or failure to store any user data, communications, or
personalization settings. We reserve the right to change or discontinue, temporarily or permanently, the Site or
the Service at any time without notice. You agree that ByTheBookTheBible will not be liable to you or any third
party for any modification, interruption, or discontinuation of the Service.

It is our intention, however, to make all videos and related items listed as long as your subscription is in good
standing. It is also our intention that should such changes be necessary, ByTheBookTheBible will endeavor to reach
all enrolled families by email to advise them of such changes.

### 4. ByTheBookTheBible ACCOUNT

By using the Site and/or Services, or creating an account with ByTheBookTheBible (an “Account”), you agree to
provide true and correct information to the best of your ability whenever prompted by the Service to provide
information or when otherwise requested by us. You further agree that you will not knowingly omit or misrepresent
any material facts or information and that you will revise any incorrect or outdated information by updating your
Account information or otherwise providing notice to ByTheBookTheBible.

You agree that your Account will be for your household’s exclusive personal use and that you will not allow any
other person or family to use your Account under any circumstances. You understand that it is your sole
responsibility to maintain the confidentiality of your Account ID and password and that ByTheBookTheBible will not
be responsible for any damage, loss, or liability incurred as a result of your failure to do so. You also
understand that you are solely responsible for any activity occurring on your Account, including any charges made
to your Account. You agree to immediately notify ByTheBookTheBible if there has been any unauthorized activity on
your Account or if you suspect that there has been a breach of security of your Account.

You represent and warrant that you will not use the Site for illegal purposes or for the transmission of material
that is unlawful, harassing, libelous (untrue and damaging to others), invasive of another’s privacy, abusive,
threatening, obscene, and/or illegal, and/or infringes the copyrights (right of an owner of written material) or
other intellectual property of others.

We reserve the right to terminate your Account at any time if you violate these Terms of Use or the Company’s
Privacy Policy, or for any other reason as determined by the Company in its sole discretion.

### 5. PURCHASE OF PRODUCTS

ByTheBookTheBible offers certain products for sale on the Site (“Products”). All prices displayed on the Site are
quoted in U.S. Dollars. We reserve the right without prior notice to discontinue or change specifications on
Products and services offered on the Site without incurring any obligations.

In order to purchase our Products, you will be required to enter a valid credit card. By providing a credit card
associated with an Account, you are hereby authorizing the Company to charge your credit card for all costs
associated with your purchase.

We reserve the right to refuse any order you place with us. We may, in our sole discretion, limit or cancel
quantities purchased per person, per household, or per order. These restrictions may include orders placed by or
under the Account, the same credit card, and orders that use the same billing or shipping address. If we make a
change to or cancel an order, we will attempt to notify you by contacting you through the email, phone number, or
address provided at the time of purchase.

You understand and agree that you are prohibited from reselling or redistributing any ByTheBookTheBible products
in any manner. We reserve the right to limit or prohibit orders that, in our sole judgment, appear to be placed by
dealers, resellers, or distributors.

### 6. REFUND POLICY

You may stop your subscription at any time, however there are no refunds unless the Service or platform is
offline for a significant part of the billing cycle.

### 7. INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY

All information, products, services, graphics, icons, images, articles, software, and other materials, and the
display, design, arrangement, and assembly of those materials (collectively “Content”) appearing on the Site are
the exclusive property of ByTheBookTheBible and/or its affiliates. The Content is protected by U. S. and
international copyright laws. The publication, sale, or redistribution in any form or medium of the Content is
strictly prohibited without prior written permission of ByTheBookTheBible. Content that is publicly available on
the Site may not be stored in a computer, except for personal and non-commercial use.

All trademarks, logos, trade dress, and service marks (collectively “Trademarks”) displayed on the Site are the
exclusive property of ByTheBookTheBible. The use of our Trademarks without express written authorization is
strictly prohibited. You may not use, display, or publish our Trademarks for commercial purposes, in any way that
would cause confusion among consumers, or in any manner that would disparage, discredit, or otherwise harm the
reputation of ByTheBookTheBible.

### 8. PRIVACY POLICY

ByTheBookTheBible respects your privacy. Our Privacy Policy can be located here.

By using the Site and our Service, you are consenting to the terms of our Privacy Policy. We may from time to
time send you e-mails but will not share your e-mail with external folks without your permission.

### 8b. PHOTO & VIDEO RELEASE: 

I hereby give permission to ByTheBookTheBible and any of its employees, contractors, or representatives to use my
FIRST name, City, State along with my comments, videos and photos that I post online or share in e-mail to use in
any form and media for advertising, exposition displays, trade, and any other lawful purposes. However, if I do
NOT want this information posted or used by ByTheBookTheBible, I will clearly state in my e-mail “NOT FOR PUBLIC
RELEASE”. 

### 9. WARRANTY DISCLAIMER & LIMITATION OF LIABILITY

EXCEPT AS OTHERWISE EXPLICITLY STATED IN THE TERMS OF SALE THAT GOVERN THE SALE OF EACH PRODUCT ON THE SITE, THE
PRODUCTS OFFERED FOR SALE AND THE TRANSACTIONS CONDUCTED THROUGH THE SITE ARE PROVIDED ON AN “AS IS” BASIS.
ByTheBookTheBible MAKES NO REPRESENTATIONS OR WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND AS TO THE OPERATION OF THE SITE OR THE
INFORMATION, CONTENT, MATERIALS, OR PRODUCTS INCLUDED OR SOLD ON THIS SITE, EXCEPT AS EXPRESSLY STATED OTHERWISE.
ByTheBookTheBible HEREBY DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES EITHER EXPRESSED OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO
IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, NON-INFRINGEMENT, TITLE, AND QUIET
ENJOYMENT.

EXCEPT AS EXPRESSLY PROVIDED OTHERWISE, YOU ASSUME ALL RISKS CONCERNING THE SUITABILITY AND ACCURACY OF THE
INFORMATION ON THE SITE. THE SITE MAY CONTAIN TECHNICAL INACCURACIES OR TYPOGRAPHICAL ERRORS. ByTheBookTheBible
ASSUMES NO RESPONSIBILITY FOR AND DISCLAIMS ALL LIABILITY FOR ANY SUCH INACCURACIES, ERRORS, OR OMISSIONS ON THE
SITE. ByTheBookTheBible CANNOT GUARANTEE THAT ANY PERSONAL INFORMATION SUPPLIED BY YOU WILL NOT BE
MISAPPROPRIATED, INTERCEPTED, OR USED BY OTHERS.

TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW, IN NO EVENT WILL ByTheBookTheBible BE LIABLE FOR ANY SPECIAL, INDIRECT,
OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES OR ANY DAMAGES WHATSOEVER RESULTING FROM LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS, WHETHER IN AN
ACTION OF CONTRACT, NEGLIGENCE OR OTHER TORTIOUS ACTION, ARISING OUT OF, OR IN CONNECTION WITH, THE USE OF THE
COMPANY’S SERVICE.

### 10. LINKS TO THIRD PARTY WEBSITES

This Site might contain links to third-party websites which are not under the control of ByTheBookTheBible.
ByTheBookTheBible is not responsible for the contents of any linked site or any link contained in a linked site,
or any changes or updates to such sites. ByTheBookTheBible is providing these links to you only as a convenience,
and the inclusion of any link does not imply that ByTheBookTheBible endorses or accepts any responsibility for the
content on such third-party site.

### 11. RELEASE AND INDEMNIFICATION BY USERS

You agree to forever release, indemnify, defend, and hold harmless ByTheBookTheBible, its directors, affiliates,
officers, subsidiaries, employees, agents, licensors, attorneys, independent contractors, and providers from and
against any and all claim, loss, expense, or demand of liability, including attorneys’ fees and costs, arising out
of your use or inability to use the Services. ByTheBookTheBible reserves the right, at its own expense, to assume
the exclusive defense and control of any matter otherwise subject to your indemnification. You agree not to settle
any claim or matter without the written consent of the Company.

### 12. ARBITRATION

Please read this carefully. It affects your rights. ByTheBookTheBible and you (such references include our
respective subsidiaries, affiliates, predecessors in interest, successors and assigns) agree to arbitrate all
disputes and claims arising out of or relating to this Agreement between ByTheBookTheBible and you.

A party who intends to seek arbitration must first send written notice to ByTheBookTheBible of its intent to
arbitrate (“Notice”). The Notice to ByTheBookTheBible should be sent by any of the following means: electronic
message by sending an email to [support@bythebookthebible.com](mailto:support@bythebookthebible.com).
The Notice must (a) describe the nature and basis of the claim or dispute, and (b) set forth the specific relief
sought. If we do not reach an agreement to resolve the claim within 30 days after the Notice is received, you or
ByTheBookTheBible may commence an arbitration proceeding.

The arbitration shall be governed by the Commercial Dispute Resolution Procedures and the Supplementary
Procedures for Consumer Related Disputes (collectively, “AAA Rules”) of the American Arbitration Association
(“AAA”), as modified by this Agreement, and shall be administered by the AAA. All issues are for the arbitrator to
decide, including the scope of this arbitration clause, but the arbitrator is bound by the terms of this
Agreement.

You agree that, by entering into this Agreement, you and ByTheBookTheBible are waiving the right to a trial by
jury.

The arbitrator may award injunctive relief only in favor of the individual party seeking relief and only to the
extent necessary to provide relief warranted by that party’s individual claim. You and ByTheBookTheBible agree
that YOU AND ByTheBookTheBible MAY BRING CLAIMS AGAINST THE OTHER ONLY IN YOUR OR ITS INDIVIDUAL CAPACITY, and not
as a plaintiff or class member in any purported class or representative proceeding. Further, you agree that the
arbitrator may not consolidate proceedings or more than one person’s claims, and may not otherwise preside over
any form of a representative or class proceeding and that if this specific proviso is found to be unenforceable,
then the entirety of this arbitration clause shall be null and void.

### 13. MODIFICATIONS TO TERMS OF USE.

ByTheBookTheBible may change, modify, update, add or remove portions of these Terms of Use at any time. Please
review these Terms of Use periodically for changes. Your continued use of the Company’s Service following the
posting of any changes will signify your acceptance of those changes.

### 14. MISCELLANEOUS.

These Terms of Use constitute the entire agreement between you and ByTheBookTheBible regarding this subject
matter and govern your use of the Site. By accessing the Site, you agree that the statutes and laws of the United
States and the State of Washington, without regard to any principles of conflicts of law, will apply to all
matters relating to the use of this Site and use of ByTheBookTheBible.

The failure of ByTheBookTheBible to exercise or enforce any right or provision of these Terms of Use does not
constitute a waiver of such right or provision. If a court of competent jurisdiction finds any provision of these
Terms of Use to be invalid, the parties nevertheless agree that the court should endeavor to give effect to the
parties’ intentions as reflected in the provision, and the other provisions of these Terms of Use remain in full
force and effect. Regardless of any statute or law to the contrary, any claim or cause of action arising out of or
related to use of the Site or these Terms of Use must be filed within one (1) year after such claim or cause of
action arose or be forever barred. The section titles in these Terms of Use are for convenience only and have no
legal or contractual effect.

If you read this far - congratulations! You deserve something nice - a cup of tea or chocolate?

